So in previous part I told you like how we created that silver thing in CMD or we can say command prompt
itself in this part.
What I'm going to tell you how we can create some UI part here.
So I will tell you how we can create the UI each and everything.
So let us see how we proceed with our project.
And you're also I'm considering you familiar with in Europe, as I told you first here.
So let us see how we can do this part.
So.
Let me go with that project also.
So this is interesting and I'd just we needed these two things.
So.
Okay, so these are all the things I needed a buffer reader.
I exception input print writer, server socket part socket part and vector part.
So vector is nothing.
But you can say like ArrayList, but it's a vector.
So remember as a ArrayList like you can consist only one single type of data or all the things are converted
into the strings, but in a vector it doesn't require you can use any part and vector to call each instance
of classes of client handler.
So what the purpose of Victor is?
It can hold each instance instead of ArrayList.
It is putting the ID.
I can directly put each instances into the vector, so let us first run main method which throws exception.
You can use trick edge or you can use through the exception.
So this is my server socket which is 2020.
I'm considering then in ISE equal to zero because I just want to initiate the loop.
Or we can say this is the basic thing.
Now the server is connecting via I don't I want to do this is it is running the client head basically
it's going to run the client thread so it needs to do what for the thread one it should be going in
the one part id is one then second.
Similarly I just want to plus plus that part.
So current plan count it will be showing in the server part socket connection that accept each and everything
part except is the default thing.
Here then is just a connection.
Print output is for the gate connection output stream and buffer reader input is to input reduction
basically to connect.
So it is basically input stream.
I always remember auto flash is too true.
If there is error it will be auto flashed through the project.
What is it?
Will not show any garbage value.
Everything.
And it will add it in that package.
So this is.
I'm handling the thread and I'm adding this.
So if you know, in no further videos, in previous videos I told you I extended that part here and
implements the Enable interface.
So for the socket connection connect output strength client I created.
So for this I can create a one constructor for this and for the receiver.
I'll throw exceptions then same string, then message I'm considering.
Then this is a socket size each and everything I'm mentioning here and client wants to end this connection.
I'm putting this message width and each and everything.
Then if someone leaves that, it will show the client has left that server part and client handler.
So this is just one function.
So server is very similar.
Like we could already created the server.
But remember I'm considering here one client handler also here which is basically implemented by the
interface instead of using TROs instead of using thread or extending that thread, I'm considering your
enable interface.
So let us see client part here.
The client part is very important here because I'm creating.
Java extreme.
So client red or we can say client setup.
First class client setup is all about Jawa, which is a frame exchange.
Geotextile is for the text field text area for chat window.
You can say why I'm creating text if you want to put some message on that part.
If you see that, you have to type that message.
That package text will text about chat window.
Print writer output is output and each and everything, you know.
I created string for that purpose.
Jay Frames followed that framing purpose I'm creating here two times.
One is outer and one is inner frame.
Frame is nothing but your due frame.
Only then public lens set up for the set up over all the things.
If one is first frame, then I'm considering your one host over IP, then if one which set size, I'm
setting the size 3004.
It is very easy.
Basically, I'm considering one label.
Enter your name first.
Otherwise it will not put though for the first frame.
You have to put your name then, otherwise you will not enter in your part.
You can add another filter.
Also your number, your email, anything you can add.
I'm considering a one button button.
Basically we submit and I am adding the action listener part here actually means when I click this part,
what it will do, it will dispose that part and it will go to the that part and default which close
now f two with another frame with one text area and one text.
As I told you, first frame is about to enter your name and second field is about two.
Or we can say text frame is about to enter all the things like your message and each and everything.
It's not like if you want to close or in that part I created one button there also and as you can see
if I connected in button there in dot or as you can see, this is the end button.
If I connect or add action listener, basically, if I click that in button, what will you do?
It will message that client want to send connection to that server and it will be disclosed.
Then I created one main panel with bottom panel and each and everything.
So and I'm setting the size.
So this is all about how you can proceed with this.
So important part is public voice.
Start running, try to connect server setup streams while chatting.
So these are all the methods I already created, but you can mention that earlier.
Also, if there is EOF section which is basically server not found exception, the exception is for
the exception part each and everything.
So first is connect to server.
Connect to server is basically throwing exception.
So what you can do is show attempting connection socket and server IP and the port.
So I will tell you server is our local host.
But when we created this, we have to change or we have to change this part or to our engine thing and
each and everything.
So, so show message face first basically destroying the message, set up output stream for output stream
and each and everything.
So your stream is now good to go.
You can add or you are you you can add anything new by chatting.
You can do that read line part for this.
And what is the read length.
It's basically the this string print writer or above.
Sorry, but for reader, print writer is for the output part and close stream is for the closing the
stream.
Send messages basically for the print writer pack.
So this is how you can do and show message.
We have to chat, window, append or we can swing titles.
You can do in work later and you have to append in the chat window that part final string.
You have to open that strings.
So this is it.
But for the client setup, we need to mention the host here.
So I already checked this in Europe.
So I added here and after this you have to start running process.
So this is all about how we can handle each and everything.
So let me run this part, what we required.
First, we need to create one engine.
So let me create one in G Rock, TCP 2020.
So.
Okay, so.
Let me first assume this part.
In G dot xy DCP 2020.
So it will be running that in zero.
Okay.
Okay, so what is thing you have to always remember?
You have to create only one connection.
You cannot proceed with more than one connection always.
So if the more things are running here, what you can do is you can check your system and if the engine
is running, you have to end that task or what you can say, ending that path.
So for the three purposes and you use only one connection.
And all.
But EFC Dxb 2020.
So let me check first.
If I connected or not.
So sometimes it gives the error due to you have connected to more than one session.
So if it's not working, you have to run it again.
Or you have to go to your what you can see that command prompt part or you can see the task manager
part and you have to close it manually if it's not working.
So now let me run the engine for.
So hope you're going to see this in Rockport.
Let me run first in G Dog DCP 2020.
Okay.
So first.
So this is how you can run this engine first.
Well, no.
My connection is life, you can see.
I'm not here to check this post because you have to check the injury report.
So this is my injury.
Thing, which is basically six.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to change this 4 to 6.
Once this is running, I'm considering your only it's one time running, so I'm not creating it again
and again.
This is my port.
14 to 0 five 414 to 0 five.
We're going to.
Zero for you.
So now my connection is low.
So let me show you how we can do this first.
So.
Let me run first server part.
So what he did was just basically the command prompt part only because we don't need to create any part
here.
So this is my server part.
Now let me run my client by.
So client is basically I'm just I just created that client part.
Let me run one more client, which is basically client two part.
And let me add both simultaneously.
In my teens.
So this is my first client, as you can see here.
So I'm running this Java client.
Let me add one more client here.
When showing you.
So this is my another client, as you can see here.
So these are the two clients.
You can see this if you want.
I will increase this part for you.
Okay.
So hope you can see this part.
So let me run both names.
John, as usual, submit.
So once this is submitted, you can see your streams now.
Good to go.
So.
Let me add that another part also.
So let me run first, John.
Or we can say.
John Trump.
So this is John.
We're just sending high.
Now let me send from part.
Hello.
Still hope you can see this same part also here.
So what you are saying this this is my chat and this is my ending.
So this is a very basic thing we have created with you.
You can more advanced part, you can implement the Android part also here if you want.
But this is the basic logic how you can create the chat application.
Once I click this in part.
What you can do.
Let me.
And that part also you.
So you can see John has the lived server you can see.
So I just added that part and let me close this.
So this is it.
We can do this part.
So.
This is the thing with indie rock.
And now you can see this client part and this is finished, but you can see server count here.
So current line count is zero and each and everything.
Now the current plan client count is again zero.
So this is it how you can run each and everything impact.
So I created one client.
You can create one more add ons.
You have it some black colors or each and everything.
But I just showed you, showing you this is part.
So this is the multi thread chat system.
It is very useful in different applications like if you have seen some games also there on online games
there are chat windows for that purpose.
So similarly, if you are using some minimalistic or chat application you want to use just for the sending
text only you can use, you can use add images part.
Also you can add emojis also here.
So these are some more advanced technique in DHCP, but it's taken advantage of.
This is it is very fast as you can see, it is very fast basically in a TCP way or but more for other
things are very useful easier you can use in different applications with it's very flexible and powerful.
If you have seen if your network connection is very low, you can use it efficient.
Second best programming can be implemented for the general communication.
Lots of low traffic if efficiently used.
Only updated information can be sent.
You can see disadvantages.
Basically Java applets also establish some connection on DHCP so you can create applet off or you can
say java servlet of this part.
Sockets allow only raw data to send, which is basically client to server.
And you have to mention some interpret data.
You cannot send full text to that.
It should be converted into byte stream always.
Then another thing is any can anyone can enter in this application.
So there is no restrictions, but you can add restrictions like you can add some password or username
fields and each and everything you can create.
So again, it will create some secure prompt and there are some secure advanced methods.
Also such things also in TCP chat and file handling and sharing is very difficult process in multi trading.
So you have to consider all the things here while creating, file handling and each and everything.
So this is it about how we can do this.
And these are the advantages and disadvantages.
But advantages are moreover than disadvantages in TCP connection.
So still there are some technologies using PCB part.
So we created one TCP port things here.
So hope you understand this part and this is it about how we can create our project TCP or we can say
multi trading chat system within client and server, or we can mention each client many client chat
system.